docs: update prerequiste and debug docs (#6965)
radius-project/radius: docs/contributing/contributing-code/contributing-code-prerequisites/README.md

# Repository Prerequisites

This page lists the prerequisites for working with the repository. In general, you have three options to get your development setup up and running:

- Remotely using GitHub Codespaces
- Locally using Visual Studio Code and dev containers leveraging
- Locally by installing all prerequisites on your

We will walk you through the options in the following sections.

> > 📝 **Tip** - We recommend the usage of GitHub Codespaces of local dev containers as they are the most convenient way to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 📝 **Tip** - We recommend the usage of GitHub Codespaces or Dev Containers in VS Code as they are the most convenient way to get started.
```

I want to avoid the word `local` because the the VS Code team describes devcontainers as **remote development*. I expect you're trying to clarify the difference between codespaces and devcontainers, but I expect `local` might cause confusion.

Depending on the task you need to perform, you may need to install more tools, but basic prerequisites should be sufficient for most contributors to get started.

## Operating system

We support developing on macOS, Linux and Windows with [WSL](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/wsl/install).

## Asking for help

If you get stuck with any development setup option, please ask for help in our [forum](https://discordapp.com/channels/1113519723347456110/1115302284356767814).

## Editors

If you don't have a code editor set up for Go, we recommend VS Code. The experience with VS Code is high-quality and approachable for newcomers.

Alternatively, you can choose whichever editor you are most comfortable for working on Go code. Feel free to skip this section if you want to make another choice.

- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
- [Go extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=golang.go)

Install both of these and then follow the steps in the *Quick Start* for the Go extension.

> 

Reviewer: Can you put a small section here linking to the devcontainer setup? https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/devcontainers/tutorial

Author: Done

The extension will walk you through an automated install of some additional tools that match your installed version of Go.

### Launching VS Code

The best way to launch VS Code for Go is to do *File* -> *Open Folder* on the repository.

You can easily do this from the command shell with `code .`, which opens the current directory as a folder in VS Code.

> ## Tool overview

Author: Done

> Contributing to Project Radius requires several tools to get started. This section lists them grouped by their context

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributing to Radius requires several tools to get started. This section lists them grouped by their context
```

- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/)

> 📝 **Tip** - If you are new to *dev containers* you find more information about developing inside a container [here](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/devcontainers/containers) and a comprehensive tutorial [here](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/devcontainers/tutorial)

To get the dev container up and running

1. If not already done, clone your fork of the Project Radius repository to your local file system and open the folder with VS Code. The best way to do so is either to launch VS Code and open the folder via the *File* -> *Open Folder* menu or to start VS Code from the command shell with `code .`, which opens the current directory as a folder in VS Code.

1. Click the "X"-like button in VS Code to open a remote window

    ![Button for opening remote window command palette](img/vscode-devcontainer-open-remote-button.png)

1. Select the option "Reopen in Container" in the command palette

    ![Remote window command palette](img/vscode-cmd-palette-container.png)

The dev container will be started automatically.

>     ![Dev container startup process](img/vscode-devcontainer-opening-process.png)

Reviewer: Not sure why but this is not rendering correctly. Here's what I see:

<img width="1349" alt="image" src="https://github.com/radius-project/radius/assets/1430011/bab65f4b-f2c5-4fa7-af52-1e9d31f756cb">

Author: I had a wrong indentation in the markdown. This is fixed now

- [Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
- [Golangci-lint](https://golangci-lint.run/usage/install/#local-installation)
- [jq](https://jqlang.github.io/jq/download/)  

> - Make

Reviewer: Is there a reason to remove these instructions? We found mac users get stuck on this step.

Author: In this section I kept the list of tools as an overview. The deatiled steps for installing `make` are described in the local insatllation section starting in lines 151. 
I thought it makes sense not to bother the contributors that any way use GitHub Codespaces or dev containers with these steps as this might be confusing.

- [Install kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/#kubectl)
- [Install Helm](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/)
- [Install Kind](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/#kind)

#### Troubleshooting kubernetes

You might want tools that can help debug Kubernetes problems and understand what's going on in the cluster. Here are some recommendations from the team:

- [Lens (UI for Kubernetes)](https://k8slens.dev/)
- [VS Code Kubernetes Tools](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-kubernetes-tools.vscode-kubernetes-tools)
- [Stern (console logging tool)](https://github.com/stern/stern#installation)

#### Dapr

Radius includes integration with [Dapr](https://docs.dapr.io/). To use work on these features, you'll need to install the Dapr CLI.

- [Dapr](https://docs.dapr.io/getting-started/install-dapr-cli/)

#### Test summaries

The default `go test` output can be hard to read when you have many tests. We recommend `gotestsum` as a tool to solve this. Our `make test` command will automatically use `gotestsum` if it is available.

- [gotestsum](https://github.com/gotestyourself/gotestsum#install)

> ## Development environment - setup options

Author: I realigned the outline which also caused some further adjustements of the existing sections.
